fix(ado-3651): Disable templates to avoid background health check (#3260)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/privacy-security/privacy.md

export N8N_VERSION_NOTIFICATIONS_ENABLED=false
```

> Disable templates feature (to prevent background health check calls):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable the templates feature (prevents background health check calls):
```
